Matthew Dahl
CIS-18A
Professor Kasey Nguyen
9 February 2023

Summary of final project for CIS-18A

I created my project based around a business program.
I had to code a program that allowed a user to look at goods and allowed them to make a delivery of said goods.
The user goes through a list of menus that give different options to choose from.
To make a delivery, the user can input the day, time, and address.
First, I created a main menu which gives the user the option to look at goods, take a survey or quit the program.
If the user picks goods, then the program directs them to the furniture menu.
They can pick couches, tables, or mattresses.
I allow them the ability to return to the main menu if they change their mind.
If they choose one of the pieces of furniture, the program allows the user to make a delivery appointment.
I output the month of February, business hours and ask if they want to make the purchase.
I created a program that never lets the user become confused.
I made sure to output everything as simply as possible.
I do not want to let the user become overwhelmed with too much on the screen.
The user can change their mind so I gave the ability in some parts of the program to return to a menu.
I made sure to ask and show everything that was needed for a business.
For example, I give an order summary of everything the user inputs.
This makes the user feel that they made an actual delivery. 
My biggest problem was user input. I wanted to prevent the user inputting information that was unnecessary.
For example, I made sure that the user only inputs numbers when setting the time and only inputs letters when setting AM or PM.
However, I had trouble coding the same idea to switch statements.
I understand not fully implementing this idea could break the program.
When coding, I believe the user should feel like their decisions matter within the program.
However, there should be boundaries for the user so the program will not terminate early.
For future projects I will focus on making user input more efficient.
